Updated README.md (#73)
NilFoundation/evm-placeholder-verification: README.md

# EVM Placeholder proof system verifier 

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/969303013749579846.svg?logo=discord&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/KmTAEjbmM3)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=flat-square&logo=telegram&logoColor=dark)](https://t.me/nilfoundation)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nil_foundation)](https://twitter.com/nil_foundation)

> An application for in-EVM validation of zero-knowledge proofs generated

Reviewer: good

with
the [Placeholder proof system](https://nil.foundation/blog/post/placeholder-proofsystem).

## Dependencies

- [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) - Hardhat requires an LTS version of Node.js; as of September 2023 it's v18

## Installation

Clone the project from GitHub:

```bash
git clone git@github.com:NilFoundation/evm-placeholder-verification.git
```

> Or install the package via `npm` from the command line:

Reviewer: We have two different scenarios here:

* Clone the repository to contribute to the development of the Placeholder Verifier.
* Install Verifier as a Node package and use it as a dependency in another project.

Reviewer: So, we shouldn't mean these scenarios. Make them separate sections:

# Installing with npm

Install with npm or add to project.json

# Contributing

clone, go to directory, install dependencies, etc

Author: Ok, like this?

```bash
npm install @nilfoundation/evm-placeholder-verification@1.1.1
```

or add it to the `package.json`:

> ```bash

Reviewer: It's not bash; it's a fragment of JSON. If it doesn't parse well as JSON, just make it plain `text`.

"@nilfoundation/evm-placeholder-verification": "1.1.1"
```

> After that, navigate to the `evm-placeholder-verification` directory:

Reviewer: I'm not sure you will have this directory if you install a node package.

as instantiated contracts that can be deployed to a blockchain.

Once you get zkLLVM output, create a circuit directory under `contracts/zkllvm` for your output.
That directory should contain the following files:

```
* proof.bin — Placeholder proof file
* circuit_params.json — parameters file
* public_input.json — file with public input
* linked_libs_list.json — list of external libraries that have to be deployed for gate argument computation
* gate_argument.sol, gate0.sol, ... gateN.sol — Solidity files with gate argument computation
```

If all these files are in place, you can deploy the verifier app and verify the proofs.
You only need to deploy the verifier once, and then you can verify as many proofs as you want.

Deploying the contracts:

```bash
npx hardhat deploy
```

If you've put the files under, let's say, `contracts/zkllvm/circuit-name` directory,
you can verify the proofs with the following:

```bash
npx hardhat verify-circuit-proof --test circuit-name
```

To verify all circuits from `contracts/zkllvm` directory, run:

```bash
npx hardhat verify-circuit-proof-all
```

## Contract Addresses

| Network      | Address |
| ----------- | ----------- |

> | Sepolia      | 0x489dbc0762b3d9bd9843db11eecd2a177d84ba2b       |

Reviewer: let's make the first part a link
```suggestion
| [Sepolia](https://sepolia.etherscan.io/address/0x489dbc0762b3d9bd9843db11eecd2a177d84ba2b)      | 0x489dbc0762b3d9bd9843db11eecd2a177d84ba2b       |
```

# EVM Placeholder proof system verifier 

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/969303013749579846.svg?logo=discord&style=flat-square)](https://discord.gg/KmTAEjbmM3)
[![Telegram](https://img.shields.io/badge/Telegram-2CA5E0?style=flat-square&logo=telegram&logoColor=dark)](https://t.me/nilfoundation)
[![Twitter](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/nil_foundation)](https://twitter.com/nil_foundation)

> This repository contains the smart contracts for validating zero-knowledge proofs generated
> via [Placeholder proof system](https://github.com/NilFoundation/evm-placeholder-verification) in-EVM.

Reviewer: 1. You don't need the "this repository" part, because the first sentence obviously describes the contents of the repository.
2. As far as I remember, we prefer "EVM apps" in favor of "smart contracts".

```suggestion
EVM application for validating zero-knowledge proofs generated with the
[Placeholder proof system](https://github.com/NilFoundation/evm-placeholder-verification).
```

## Dependencies

- [Hardhat](https://hardhat.org/)

> - [nodejs](https://nodejs.org/en/) - Hardhat requires an LTS version; as of August 2023 it's v18.17.0

Reviewer: * JFYI: all v18 is a long-term support version (LTS), and 18.17.0 is the current release of LTS.
* Node.js is a proper name; use the correct spelling. 
* Readers have their language settings in the browser. If it's German, the browser will redirect them to https://nodejs.org/de. So, don't include language in the link when it works without it.

```suggestion
- [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) - Hardhat requires an LTS version; as of September 2023 it's v18.17.1.
```

## Clone the project
```bash
git clone git@github.com:NilFoundation/evm-placeholder-verification.git
cd evm-placeholder-verification
```

## Install dependency packages
```bash
npm i
```

## Compile contracts
```bash
npx hardhat compile
```

## Deploy

Launch a local network using the following command:
```bash
npx hardhat node
```

To deploy to a test environment (Ganache, for example), run:
```bash
npx hardhat deploy --network localhost
```

Hardhat reuses old deployments by default; to force re-deploy, add the `--reset` flag to the command.

## Verification of zkLLVM circuit compiler output

[zkLLVM compiler](https://github.com/NilFoundation/zkllvm) prepares circuits
as instantiated contracts that can be deployed to a blockchain.

Once you get zkLLVM output, place a circuit directory under `contracts/zkllvm`.

> That folder should contain the following files:

Reviewer: Inconsistent term usage: place a directory ... that folder.

```
* proof.bin — Placeholder proof file
* circuit_params.json — parameters file
* public_input.json — public input file

> * linked_libs_list.json — list of external libraries that have to be deployed for gate argument computation

Reviewer: Have to be deployed by whom?

Author: If I understand it correctly, linked_libs_list.json is required for automation of deploing. If you upload gate arguments to the blockhain manually, you don't need it

* gate_argument.sol, gate0.sol, ... gateN.sol — Solidity files with gate argument computation
```

> If all these files are in place, you can deploy the circuit verifier to the blockchain and verify the proofs.

Reviewer: Do I need a proof file to deploy the circuit verifier? Do I need to deploy the verifier? What's a circuit verifier?

Author: Soo
To deploy the Verifier contract locally or onto the blockchain you need:
* linked_libs_list.json — list of external libraries that have to be deployed for gate argument computation
* gate_argument.sol, gate0.sol, ... gateN.sol — Solidity files with gate argument computation

To use the Verifier contract, you need:
* proof.bin — Placeholder proof file
* circuit_params.json — parameters file
* public_input.json — file with public input
* the address to the deployed gate argument(s)
